Add Radarr integration (#1882)
DataDog/integrations-extras: radarr/README.md

# Agent Check: Radarr

## Overview

This check monitors [Radarr][1].

## Setup

The Radarr check is not included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you need to install it.

### Installation

> For Agent v7.21+ / v6.21+, follow the instructions below to install the Radarr check on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][3] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Agent versions 7.21 or 6.21 or later, follow the instructions below to install the Radarr check on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][3] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.
```
